Twins' Quick
Twins Quick'...
Minus Tempo
...Minus Tempo...
"Back"
...Back!
This position...
This timing...
This angle...
We Don't Need the Memories
It's perfect.
Inarizaki                                                                                                  Karasuno
Haikyu
Episode 25: The Promised Land
Fly
The Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium is
absolutely shaking from the roar of the crowd!
Seriously, what the hell are
you two?! Damn it, you jerks!
Right. That's our cue.
Let's go.
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki                   Karasuno
We messed around too much, Tsumu.
You're right, Samu.
Did you see my block, Kageyama?
I'm the one who stopped that.
Wait, no. It was me.
It was me!
Hello?
Crap! I got all worked up and called him.
Er, sorry for calling out of
the blue. This is Anabara.
Um...
I saw.
Oh, right. Yes, of course.
Thank you very much!
I was shocked.
Karasuno High School earns
their spot in the top 16.
One of the favorites
led by the Miya Twins, Inarizaki High School,
is out after their first match.
It's only day two of
the Spring Tournament,
but we've just seen will be one of the
biggest upsets of the tournament!
See you again, Tobio-kun.
Sure.
Shoyo-kun...
Yes?
Which one is he?
I'm gonna be setting to you one day.
But before that happens...
I'm going to crush you at the Inter-High,
so you'd better be ready.
Talk about a sore loser.
Huh?! I didn't lose!
The hell are you saying?!
I mean—
Fly
Gather round!
Nice game!
Ryu!
That was the best!
Thank you!
If we didn't have them cheering for us,
Inarizaki would have overpowered us.
Thank you...
Thank you so much!
You guys are awesome!
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki High School Volleyball Club
Insult us already.
Losers don't need applause.
Shut your trap, Atsumu!
Huh?
You always wear your heart on your sleeve!
Every good match
deserves praise, you dumbass.
When an adult says, "The process
matters more than the results,"
kids aren't really gonna understand.
I think you're the odd one out here, Kita.
Osamu
Atsumu
Thank you very much!
Inarizaki was one of the teams favored
to take home the championship.
Where do you think things went wrong?
In order to win this match, we probably
should've been more aggressive.
That was my mistake.
But...
There's no doubt that the players
made great strides this match.
Say...
S-Sorry—
Are you two trying to feel a
little relief by apologizing?
That's not it at all!
I know, I know. My bad.
But only apologize when you truly feel bad.
I don't think you were wrong
to use that quick, either.
I thought it was going to get through.
But...
I hate when you do stuff in matches
that you don't do in practices.
Those were the worst two guys
to receive that quick.
Yeah.
When you guys are really on your game,
everyone else usually gets left behind.
But apparently this time,
they were really on their game, too.
You felt exhilarated, didn't you?
It's not every day we get
to have a match like that.
Good for you.
Kita-san was smiling just now, wasn't he?
Yeah...
He smiled a few times during the match, too.
Huh?
Seriously?
But...
It's still pretty frustrating.
Inarizaki High School
We did everything we could,
and I don't have any regrets.
In the end, results are just a byproduct.
But I wonder what it is...
"Well? Isn't my team amazing?"
I wanted to say that even more.
Please keep saying it.
We'll be juniors you can brag
to your grandkids about.
Well, I look forward to that.
Come on. Let's hurry up and get changed.
National Spring Volleyball Tournament
Boys' Teams
Baggage Storage Area
Tanaka, how long have you been like that?
Put some clothes on.
Yup.
Tsukki! You've got two track jackets on!
This is the first time I've seen
Tsukishima about to shut down.
Well, he jumped plenty today.
Nishinoya! Don't fall asleep there!
But the one who usually passes
out first is surprisingly awake.
Yeah.
Maybe he can't actually sleep
because he moved around so much.
Today, I'm pretty sure
I witnessed someone else having that moment.
The second day of the Spring Tournament.
That's the day that he sunk one level deeper
into being hooked on volleyball.
Haikyu!!
Fukurodani                                                                                              Morikawa
Yeah!
Karasuno (Miyagi)
Inarizaki (Hyogo)
Hey, Karasuno beat the Miyas!
You didn't notice?
Didn't you hear all that ruckus?
Why would I know what's going
on outside of my match?
Well, yeah. Guess one
of the favorites is out.
Man, I wanted to play the Miyans.
What? Seriously?! I definitely don't.
It's true that Bokuto-san is
actually concentrating today.
He had a hard time getting into
the game yesterday at first,
but ever since, he's been in great form.
No, I need to stop.
The more I think about this,
the greedier I get, and things go wrong.
I just need to be methodical.
Yes, methodical.
Akaashi's definitely
overthinking things again.
That was amazing!
I think I might become a Karasuno fan.
Say, who's Karasuno playing next?
Nekoma.
Hey, that's the team you
guys played against, right?
Who do you think's going to win?
I'm not sure.
But I don't think you can underestimate
Karasuno's enthusiasm.
I see. Karasuno sure is on a roll.
What do you want to do tomorrow?
Should we come watch?
Yeah, sure.
I'm looking forward to
Karasuno's match tomorrow!
It can't be easy stopping that attack.
Right?
And this Nekoma they're up
against seemed sorta bland.
They're totally no match for Karasuno.
Piece of cake.
Oh, you'll be eating those words.
Jaybird Inn
And that concludes our story
about a snake jealous of a cat.
It must be hard being that snake.
Okay, and next up is sports.
Yamashita-san!
Here it is!
National High School Volleyball Tournament
Day 2 of the Boys' and Girls' Matches!!\h
The second day of the National
High School Volleyball Tournament.
The seeded teams were added in and both the
boys' and girls' teams started round two.
Something unexpected happened
in one of the boys' games.
Game Two on Court A, between Inarizaki
High School, led by the superb Miya Twins,
and an old guard from the Tohoku region.
This team also has a first-year
setter who was invited to the
All-Japan Youth Camp, Kageyama Tobio.
This is the team that's super-aggressive
on offense, Karasuno High School.
The Miya Twins gave Karasuno quite a lot
of trouble with their flawless team play.
On the other side was Karasuno's
"raider captain," Tanaka Ryunosuke.
Maybe he was trying too hard,
but he couldn't seem to get on his game.
Man, this hurts.
Even in the second set,
Karasuno's blockers couldn't seem to stop
middle blocker Suna Rintaro's quicks.
It only seemed like it! That's all!
Yamaguchi, shut up.
Karasuno couldn't take the second set,
but then they definitely turned
the tables in the third.
Hey! Look! It's me!
Holy crap, your face, Suga.
Yeah, that's not very flattering...
Hey, it's Shimizu!
Hey! They're totally keeping the
camera on Shimizu for way longer!
She's so beautiful.
Hey! It's Asahi-san!
You look like you've killed
a man or two in that shot!
So cool!
What?
Is that really what I look
like when I'm concentrating?
You sure do.
See? See that?! My receive!
Did you see that, Kageyama?!
Nope!
Well look, dang it!
Kinoshita-san!
Shut up!
How embarrassing...
How come you're out here, Bokuto-san?
Aren't you going to watch TV?
We did, though.
Well, I mean, you usually watch it
on repeat a hundred times.
Who the heck do you think I am?
I wasn't on camera that much,
so watching it 20 times is plenty.
So you actually watched it 20 times.
Well...
I'm gonna still be playing
volleyball after high school,
so I really didn't think
things were that different,
Even though this is my last
high school tournament.
Man, I really wish I could
play with you guys more!
You're not going to die,
are you, Bokuto-san?
Huh? I plan on living until
I'm 130 years old.
What are you talking about?
It's only the second day.
The third round, the quarterfinals,
the semifinals, the finals...
The road is still long for us.
Yeah.
And we're gonna win all of them.
All right, let's hurry inside.
The flu and the norovirus are going around.
You can't underestimate January.
January?!
Man... Kageyama just gets
more and more amazing.
I think I'm just gonna ask
for his autograph now.
You know he probably hasn't figured
out his own autograph yet.
He'll just write his name.
All right, I'll come up with one for him!
I'll even add a heart in there.
Yeah, don't.
Tanaka was really great today, too.
That awesome cross shot!
Followed by that razor-sharp line shot!
His rebound toward the end was insane.
He seems like the last person
who'd play so calm and collected.
If we're talking calm and collected,
that's Tsukishima.
How does he keep gradually narrowing
down the attackers' paths?
Is he some kind of master craftsman?
I'd definitely just go for the ball.
Oh, yeah, and then there was
Hinata's receive today.
Man, that was a shocker.
I mean, that dig was something,
but that last point... Hinata managed
to bump Tanaka's rebound super high.
Oh, yeah! He totally did!
I totally cried!
I mean, I can't blame you.
You know, watching those guys...
I don't want to lose to them.
Of course, you never want to
lose against your opponents...
But I don't want those two to beat us, either!
Exactly.
Hey, don't you go trying that
insane cross shot tomorrow.
What are you talking about?
Like I have the guts to do that.
Dude, just do it! At least
lie and say you can!
Jaybird Inn
Come on, now!
Yeah, come on.
Riiich Tea
Bath
Women's
Hey, I know that one. It smells really good.
All the girls in my class use it.
Oh, but you know,
I heard you're not supposed to use soap
on your face or body all the time.
What?! But I always scrub as hard as I can!
Then I'll try to copy
you tomorrow, Shimizu-senpai.
It's pretty embarrassing
being watched like that.
You sure are energetic today, Hinata.
I just can't calm down after that match!
I wanna have another one right away!
Creepy.
Tsukishima! You weren't being
sarcastic there, were you?!
You're gonna hurt my feelings!
What was that for?!
Shut up.
Hinata...
What?!
The word "consistent" has always
described Nekoma High School very well.
After gaining an aggressive
new middle blocker,
they're bringing their offense
and defense to new heights.
Karasuno seems to be on a roll right now,
so hopefully Nekoma can put up a good fight.
You jackass! Don't make it
sound like we're weaker!
As for the girls' side, one of the favorites,
Niiyama Girls', managed to win their game
Well, everyone's saying that
Karasuno's better than us.
and move to the next round.
Wha?!
They've beat plenty of tough teams.
You dumbass! We're only here because
we've defeated tough teams, too!
Hey! Why'd you only get your futon out?!
Really? But I mean...
Do you really think we could've
beaten Ushiwaka or the Miya Twins?
Hey, don't leave it at that!
We'll never know unless we try!
Also, rock crushes scissors,
but still can't win against paper!
Well, it doesn't really matter.
We came all the way here to play
them and find out who's better.
Kenma probably won't care
if they happen to lose.
Huh?
But I'm... gonna beat Kenma!
Wow, it's totally dark.
Sorry, Akane-chan. I just got so
caught up in our conversation.
Don't worry! I called my mom.
Calm
Guess I get to finally show you
the Battle of the Garbage Dump!
The Battle of the Garbage Dump, eh?
Huh?
After I started this façade of
teaching strangers for a while,
I tried to get players to
do the same thing as me,
or things I tried to do, but couldn't.
But one day, I started wondering
how they felt about that.
In the end, they're not me, nor my pawns.
I finally realized the obvious,
and my teachings weren't a façade anymore.
This is all harder than it sounds.
But you, you're a natural.
It's probably a good thing
that you suck at volleyball.
What?!
You think I'm just trying to show you the
Battle of the Garbage Dump for your sake?
The ones who want to beat Nekoma more
than anyone else right now are my boys.
They're not the team you've held a grudge
against for so many years anymore.
So you better just look forward to it.
Thank you for watching!!